Update README.md (#15)
otwcode/open-doors-eFiction: README.md

Note that the process will create databases and tables in MySQL as well as files in the designated folder. All the databases will be prefixed with CODENAME.

## Process

> 1. Run 

Reviewer: This section feels kind of redundant compared to the Quickstart, unless you feel repeating the instructions more fully is necessary?

    - `CODENAME` is the short name for the archive you're processing with no underscores, spaces or punctuation
    - `PATH-TO-WORKING-DIRECTORY` is the absolute path where you want the working files to go (eg: /Users/myusername/otw/thearchivename). Working files will include multiple backups of the various steps in this process.

2. Enter the full (original) name for the archive eg TER/MA, Land of Dreams
3. Enter your MySQL hostname
4. Enter your MySQL user name
5. Enter your MySQL password
6. Enter the full path to the database file, (eg /Users/myusername/myusername/otw/thearchivename/archivefile.sql)
7. Follow the prompts to run steps 1-4

### High-level overview of each step
- Start
- Step 01 Make a backup of original database
- Step 02 Create simplified database  
- Step 03 Convert metadata to Open Doors tables     
- Step 04 Convert chapters

### Step 01 - Make a backup of original database

This step creates a backup of the original database (in main directory), and then creates and tidies an edited version which is added to a new directory, 01, and loaded into mysql. 

### Step 02 -  Create simplified efiction database  

> This step removes unused tables to create a simplified of the edited database created in step 01, adds it to a new directory, 02 and loads it into MySQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step removes unused tables to create a simplified version of the edited database created in step 01, adds it to a new directory, 02, and loads it into MySQL
```

### Step 03 - Convert eFiction to Open Doors

> This step converts the efiction tables into a database using the Open Doors structure and adds it to a new directory 03.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step converts the efiction tables into a new database using the Open Doors structure, and creates a backup of the new tables to a new directory 03.
```

### Step 04 - Convert chapters

> This step adds the chapters from the specified location (eg /Users/myusername/myusername/otw/thearchivename/fiction/stories) into the chapters table of a new database in new directory 04, and loads it into MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step copies the chapters from the specified location (eg /Users/myusername/Downloads/thearchivename/fiction/stories) into the chapters table of the Open Doors database created in step 03, and creates a backup in folder 04.
```
